Gu Nuannuan
Don't tell me the Yingxin rice market company pays the bill
You don't even know that.
No matter how bad it is, it should be us AA.
Why should I pay alone?
Gu Qingqing, you are a new employee.
Do you make any contribution to the company?
So we'll treat you to dinner
i
I'm giving you a chance to perform
This month we are all preparing for a costume design competition
How can I take you outside the door?
Treat three teachers to a meal
This is what you earned.
Guo Jingjing, you didn't even graduate from college
What else could he do?
Except for chores
Don't hold us back then
The employer is kind enough to give you the opportunity to integrate with us
Still don't know how to lift
Isn't it just a meal?
Millions of clothes.
Can't afford hundreds of thousands of meals?
What!
The clothes on Gu Qingqing cost millions
Mingming worked together not long ago
Turning around, he can afford such expensive clothes
Definitely seducing men with his face again?
Don't embarrass Qingqing
He's a former colleague of mine.
I don't have that much money to check out
So Gu Jinjin used to be your colleague?
Do you get a high salary?
Well, 6,000 a month.
6,000 yuan a month
It doesn't have to be incongruous.
10 years to afford 1 million clothes
I I don't know
Qingqing used to be just like us
Only wear clothes worth a few dozen dollars
I don't know why he suddenly became prosperous
In a short period of time
You can afford limited edition bags and clothes
You can also enter the anorexia group with your high school degree
What means are there?
Ah dear
You didn't really say that to the manager.
To accompany wealthy guests
I'm not talking nonsense